Added Mathesar to "automation" list. (#3630)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [Leon](https://getleon.ai) - Open-source personal assistant who can live on your server. ([Source Code](https://github.com/leon-ai/leon)) `MIT` `Nodejs`
- [Lidarr](https://lidarr.audio/) - Lidarr is a music collection manager for Usenet and BitTorrent users. ([Source Code](https://github.com/Lidarr/Lidarr)) `GPL-3.0` `C#`
- [Matchering](https://github.com/sergree/matchering) - A containerized web app for automated music mastering. An open-source alternative to LANDR, eMastered, and MajorDecibel. `GPL-3.0` `Docker`

> - [Mathesar](https://mathesar.org/) - An intuitive UI for managing data collaboratively, for users of all technical skill levels. Built on Postgres – connect an existing DB or set up a new one. ([Demo](https://demo.mathesar.org/), [Source Code](https://github.com/centerofci/mathesar)) `GPL-3.0-or-later` `Python`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mathesar](https://mathesar.org/) - An intuitive UI for managing data collaboratively, for users of all technical skill levels. Built on Postgres – connect an existing DB or set up a new one. ([Demo](https://demo.mathesar.org/), [Source Code](https://github.com/centerofci/mathesar)) `GPL-3.0` `Docker`
```
Regarding the language/platform tag:

> The Language tag is the main server-side requirement for the software
>> https://docs.mathesar.org/#installation: Currently, we only support installing using Docker Compose

Regarding the license name/syntax: we don't make a distinction between `GPL-3.0-only` and `GPL-3.0-or-later` anymore (it used to be this way but was hard to maintain and generally inaccurate, so `GPL-3.0` is now the correct label)
